"faith learn tomorrow faith with charity with prudent charity" is a sentence.
"hope at charity learn tomorrow hope with charity" is a sentence.
"charity charity tomorrow prudent prudent prudent faith at faith at prudent faith" is not a sentence.
"prudent charity serve charity at prudent faith at patient charity" is a sentence.
"patient prudent charity learn tomorrow faith of humble patient charity with faith" is a sentence.
"faith at charity serve today prudent prudent prudent hope" is a sentence.
"prudent hope learn yesterday prudent faith of patient humble humble prudent patient hope" is a sentence.
"humble faith serve humble prudent humble prudent humble humble patient hope" is a sentence.
"humble humble patient humble patient charity with hope of faith learn hope" is a sentence.
"prudent prudent faith with charity serve hope with humble prudent hope" is a sentence.
"hope of charity with humble faith serve hope" is a sentence.
"faith of faith learn prudent prudent patient charity" is a sentence.
"hope at faith learn charity" is a sentence.
"charity learn tomorrow patient patient prudent humble prudent humble hope" is a sentence.
"patient patient charity learn prudent patient patient faith of hope with faith of patient charity" is a sentence.
"prudent charity learn tomorrow humble hope" is a sentence.
"humble faith of humble charity learn tomorrow humble hope" is a sentence.
"prudent prudent faith with faith of prudent humble charity serve today faith" is a sentence.
"prudent humble hope learn faith" is a sentence.
"patient humble humble hope of hope learn prudent faith with charity at charity" is a sentence.
"hope of prudent humble patient hope serve today humble patient prudent humble hope" is a sentence.
"prudent prudent prudent humble patient hope learn yesterday charity" is a sentence.
"charity serve prudent humble patient charity" is a sentence.
"prudent humble patient hope at charity serve yesterday patient hope" is a sentence.
"charity serve charity with charity at hope" is a sentence.
"patient prudent humble patient hope serve humble prudent prudent hope at charity" is a sentence.
"faith at faith learn tomorrow faith of prudent humble humble faith at hope of patient patient hope" is a sentence.
"patient faith with patient patient hope learn charity with humble patient humble humble charity" is a sentence.
"humble patient prudent humble faith serve hope" is a sentence.
"hope learn faith with humble prudent prudent faith of humble hope" is a sentence.
"charity with faith serve today prudent faith with humble prudent hope of patient hope" is a sentence.
"patient patient faith at charity with patient patient charity at charity tomorrow tomorrow hope" is not a sentence.
"humble humble faith learn tomorrow patient patient prudent patient humble charity of hope" is a sentence.
"humble humble patient hope learn yesterday hope with patient prudent patient faith" is a sentence.
"hope at charity at prudent prudent patient charity learn charity" is a sentence.
"patient faith serve patient patient hope" is a sentence.
"faith at charity learn charity serve" is a sentence.
"prudent faith of hope today faith" is not a sentence.
"prudent faith serve hope at hope with faith" is a sentence.
"prudent patient hope with patient faith serve today hope of prudent charity" is a sentence.
"faith at charity of faith serve yesterday prudent humble humble hope" is a sentence.
"hope of prudent patient hope with patient patient faith with charity learn charity at charity" is a sentence.
"patient prudent humble hope serve today faith" is a sentence.
"humble charity serve patient faith" is a sentence.
"humble humble hope at patient patient charity serve tomorrow humble prudent faith" is a sentence.
"faith serve prudent hope at charity" is a sentence.
"humble prudent charity at hope of prudent prudent prudent prudent patient faith serve hope" is a sentence.
"patient prudent humble charity learn yesterday humble prudent humble faith" is a sentence.
"patient prudent faith learn patient prudent prudent prudent humble humble prudent faith" is a sentence.
"faith learn humble humble faith of humble prudent charity" is a sentence.
"faith serve tomorrow humble charity" is a sentence.
"prudent patient charity with hope learn tomorrow patient charity" is a sentence.
"faith serve faith" is a sentence.
